    1. Given an user when enter in application then it can begin a game
    2. When an user begins a game then the user sees an introductory explanation and a button to continue to the first clue
    3. When an user presses the button to continue to the first clue then the game begins and he sees the first clue
    4. When the user hits the clue then he goes to next clue
    5. When the user hits the last clue then It wins the game
    6. When the user wins the game then a congratulation text will be shown and a button "get the gift"
    7. When the user presses the button "get the gift" then the prize won will be shown and the score obtained
    8. When the clue is show then the clue can be of 3 types: Choose the options, write the answer or be in the right place
    9. When choosing the option clue is shown then the user must choose between three options and it could be texts or images but not both
    10. Given an user when hits a clue of "choose the option" then get 10X points if he hits in first try, 3X if he hits in second try, and X if hitting at the third try
    11. Given a "write the answer" clue when it's shown then user must write the correct answer
    12. Given a "be in the right place" clue  when it's shown then the user must write the geographical coordinates or be in the right place and share the device gps
    13. When a user is in a clue then a countdown will be activated
    14. When a user is X time in a clue then a tip help will be show to resolve the clue
    15. Given a "choose an option" clue when countdown is over then it's removed a not valid option
    16. Given a "write the answer" clue when countdown is over then one wrong option is removed
    17. Given a "be in the right place" clue when countdown is over then the latitude or longitude is shown

    
   Not Functional
	1. When http request is done to valid service then the system must response ok.
	2. When http/2 request is done to valid service then the system must response ok.
    3. Given a tip help when is pushing then a queue protocol must be use
    4. Given 50 concurrent user when a new request is coming then the system must response
	5. When app is deploy then must be a Docker microservices
    5. When stress test be done then tools like SoapUI, Jmeter or other must be use
    6. Given a user data when is persisted then the system must guaranteed the security